As you already know, health insurance
premiums keep rising every year. But
what if there was a way to lock in your
policy for the long term and protect
yourself from inflations? And most
policies stop offering cover beyond a
certain age. But is there really a plan
that allows you to buy coverage even at
a much higher age without restrictions?
But here's the big one. Could there
actually be a plan that not only solves
both these problems but also gives you
the option of an unlimited sum in short?
And to make it even more surprising, can
you imagine a policy that also covers
inpatient treatment for a surrogate
mother and oite donor? So the answers to
these questions are hidden in just one
health insurance plan. So stay with me
till the end of this video and you will
see how it works and why it's different
from the other health insurance plan.
So, hi, I am Mariam and I represent
Policy Hub where our mission is simple
to make insurance easy to understand,
stressfree and truly useful for you and
for your family. And today I'm going to
break down a powerful health insurance
plan, what it is, who can buy it, and
why it might be the right choice for you
and for your health protection. So,
let's start with who can buy this plan.
Adults can enter from 18 years and go
all the way up to 125 years. One of the
widest entry age is in the insurance
market. Childrens are covered as
dependent up to 30 years under a floater
plan and the sum inured start at rupees
5 lakh and goes up to 3 cr with even an
unlimited sum insured options. Policy
tenure can be one to five years giving
you flexibility and protection from
yearly premium hikes and all of these
benefits come together in one powerful
health insurance plan which is ICIC
Lombard elevate health insurance plan.
ICIC Lombard Alivate health insurance
plan that answer every question we
discussed at the start and goes far
beyond traditional health insurance
coverage. Now let's look at the key
feature of elevate health insurance
plan. So the first one is infinite reset
benefit. In this your sum insured is
refilled unlimited time. So multiple
hospitalation in a year won't bother
you. Another is infinite loyalty bonus.
Your cover grows by 20% every claim
every year and up to 100%. Third point
is worldwide cover. So protection not
just in India but also abroad with
cashless coverage for major treatments
and emergencies. Another is very unique
which is surrogacy and oite cover. So in
this inpatient treatment expenses for a
surrogate mother and oai donor are also
covered. Beyond this elevate also covers
inpatient hospitalization, single
private AC room, organ donor expenses,
IU treatments, daycare procedures, pre
and post hospitalization for 90 days and
180 days. Doiselary hospitalization are
covered. Road ambulance, biotetic
surgery and even modern technological
procedure are covered under IC Lombard
elevate health insurance plan. Elevate
health insurance plan is stand out with
wider coverage, long-term flexibility
and unique features like unlimited
reset, worldwide protection and even
surrogacy cover with entry age up to 125
years and some insured option going up
to unlimited. So it's designed to give
you a complete peace of mind for the
future. And if you're planning to buy a
new health insurance policy or port your
existing one, you can book your free
consultation with Policy Hub and the
link is given in the description and we
will guide you step by step. If you
found this video helpful, don't forget
to like it, share it with your loved
ones and subscribe for more simple
breakdowns of insurance plan that
actually makes sense. See you in the
next video. Till then, bye.
[Music]